com/example/myfitnessbuddy/storage/TrainingDao.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.storage.TrainingDao
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/tabs/PageViewModel.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.tabs.PageViewModel
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.tabs.PageViewModel$1
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/tabs/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.tabs.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/MainActivity.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.MainActivity
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/training/TrainingListViewModel.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.training.TrainingListViewModel
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/training/TrainingList_TrainingDetails.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.training.TrainingList_TrainingDetails
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/storage/KeyValueStore.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.storage.KeyValueStore
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/storage/PersonRepository.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.storage.PersonRepository
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/exercise/Fragment_Exercises.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.exercise.Fragment_Exercises
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/storage/PersonDao.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.storage.PersonDao
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/exercise/Exercises_AddExercise.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.exercise.Exercises_AddExercise
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/training/TrainingListAdapter.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.training.TrainingListAdapter
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.training.TrainingListAdapter$1
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.training.TrainingListAdapter$TrainingViewHolder
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/training/TrainingList_AddTraining.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.training.TrainingList_AddTraining
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/model/Person.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.model.Person
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/model/Training/Training.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.model.Training.Training
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/Core/BaseFragment.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.Core.BaseFragment
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/training/TrainingList_AddTraining_AddExercise.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.training.TrainingList_AddTraining_AddExercise
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/storage/TrainingRepository.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.storage.TrainingRepository
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/evaluation/Fragment_Evaluation.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.evaluation.Fragment_Evaluation
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.BuildConfig
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/model/Training/CategoryConverter.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.model.Training.CategoryConverter
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/training/Fragment_TrainingList.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.training.Fragment_TrainingList
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/storage/MyFitnessBuddyDatabase.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.storage.MyFitnessBuddyDatabase
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.storage.MyFitnessBuddyDatabase$1
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/model/Training/Category.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.model.Training.Category
com/example/myfitnessbuddy/view/ui/tabs/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.tabs.PlaceholderFragment
 com.example.myfitnessbuddy.view.ui.tabs.PlaceholderFragment$1
